# Employee CV Manager Application

This app is based on the [React-Redux-Starter-Kit](https://github.com/davezuko/react-redux-starter-kit) and the docs
for that can be found [here](https://github.com/davezuko/react-redux-starter-kit/blob/master/README.md)

The below is an abridged version to get you started running the application. If you want to see some discussion 
of some key aspects as discussed at the [CHCH.JS](https://www.meetup.com/CHCH-JS/) meetup [click here](discussion.md).

## Requirements
* node `^4.5.0`
* npm `^3.0.0`

## Getting Started

After confirming that your development environment meets the specified [requirements](#requirements), you can create a new project based on `react-redux-starter-kit` in one of two ways:

### Install from source

First, clone the project:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/justsayno/employee-cv-manager-app
$ cd employee-cv-manager-app
```

Then install dependencies and check to see it works

```bash
$ npm install                   # Install project dependencies
$ npm start                     # Compile and launch
```
If everything works, you should see the following:

While developing, you will probably rely mostly on `npm start`; however, there are additional scripts at your disposal:

|`npm run <script>`|Description|
|------------------|-----------|
|`start`|Serves your app at `localhost:3000`. HMR will be enabled in development.|
|`compile`|Compiles the application to disk (`~/dist` by default).|
|`dev`|Same as `npm start`, but enables nodemon for the server as well.|
|`test`|Runs unit tests with Karma and generates a coverage report.|
|`test:dev`|Runs Karma and watches for changes to re-run tests; does not generate coverage reports.|
|`deploy`|Runs linter, tests, and then, on success, compiles your application to disk.|
|`deploy:dev`|Same as `deploy` but overrides `NODE_ENV` to "development".|
|`deploy:prod`|Same as `deploy` but overrides `NODE_ENV` to "production".|
|`lint`|Lint all `.js` files.|
|`lint:fix`|Lint and fix all `.js` files. [Read more on this](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface.html#fix).|

## Testing
To add a unit test, simply create a `.spec.js` file anywhere in `~/tests`. Karma will pick up on these files automatically, and Mocha and Chai will be available within your test without the need to import them. Coverage reports will be compiled to `~/coverage` by default. If you wish to change what reporters are used and where reports are compiled, you can do so by modifying `coverage_reporters` in `~/config/index.js`.

## Deployment
Out of the box, this starter kit is deployable by serving the `~/dist` folder generated by `npm run deploy` (make sure to specify your target `NODE_ENV` as well). This project does not concern itself with the details of server-side rendering or API structure, since that demands an opinionated structure that makes it difficult to extend the starter kit. However, if you do need help with more advanced deployment strategies, here are a few tips:

### Static Deployments
If you are serving the application via a web server such as nginx, make sure to direct incoming routes to the root `~/dist/index.html` file and let react-router take care of the rest. If you are unsure of how to do this, you might find [this documentation](https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/master/docs/guides/Histories.md#configuring-your-server) helpful. The Express server that comes with the starter kit is able to be extended to serve as an API or whatever else you need, but that's entirely up to you.

## Build System

### Configuration

Default project configuration can be found in `~/config/index.js`. Here you'll be able to redefine your `src` and `dist` directories, adjust compilation settings, tweak your vendor dependencies, and more. For the most part, you should be able to make changes in here **without ever having to touch the actual webpack build configuration**.

If you need environment-specific overrides (useful for dynamically setting API endpoints, for example), you can edit `~/config/environments.js` and define overrides on a per-NODE_ENV basis. There are examples for both `development` and `production`, so use those as guidelines. Here are some common configuration options:

|Key|Description|
|---|-----------|
|`dir_src`|application source code base path|
|`dir_dist`|path to build compiled application to|
|`server_host`|hostname for the Express server|
|`server_port`|port for the Express server|
|`compiler_devtool`|what type of source-maps to generate (set to `false`/`null` to disable)|
|`compiler_vendor`|packages to separate into to the vendor bundle|

Webpack is configured to make use of [resolve.root](http://webpack.github.io/docs/configuration.html#resolve-root), which lets you import local packages as if you were traversing from the root of your `~/src` directory. Here's an example:

```js
// current file: ~/src/views/some/nested/View.js
// What used to be this:
import SomeComponent from '../../../components/SomeComponent'

// Can now be this:
import SomeComponent from 'components/SomeComponent' // Hooray!
```

### Globals

These are global variables available to you anywhere in your source code. If you wish to modify them, they can be found as the `globals` key in `~/config/index.js`. When adding new globals, make sure you also add them to `~/.eslintrc`.

|Variable|Description|
|---|---|
|`process.env.NODE_ENV`|the active `NODE_ENV` when the build started|
|`__DEV__`|True when `process.env.NODE_ENV` is `development`|
|`__PROD__`|True when `process.env.NODE_ENV` is `production`|
|`__TEST__`|True when `process.env.NODE_ENV` is `test`|

### Styles

Both `.scss` and `.css` file extensions are supported out of the box. After being imported, styles will be processed with [PostCSS](https://github.com/postcss/postcss) for minification and autoprefixing, and will be extracted to a `.css` file during production builds.

### Server

This starter kit comes packaged with an Express server. It's important to note that the sole purpose of this server is to provide `webpack-dev-middleware` and `webpack-hot-middleware` for hot module replacement. Using a custom Express app in place of [webpack-dev-server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server) makes it easier to extend the starter kit to include functionality such as API's, universal rendering, and more -- all without bloating the base boilerplate.

### Production Optimization

Babel is configured to use [babel-plugin-transform-runtime](https://www.npmjs.com/package/babel-plugin-transform-runtime) so transforms aren't inlined. In production, webpack will extract styles to a `.css` file, minify your JavaScript, and perform additional optimizations such as module deduplication.

## Learning Resources

* [Starting out with react-redux-starter-kit](https://suspicious.website/2016/04/29/starting-out-with-react-redux-starter-kit/) is an introduction to the components used in this starter kit with a small example in the end.
